pages/learn/excel/static-html-export/no-need-to-build-always.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';
import AnswerBox from '../../../../components/learn/AnswerBox';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Export into a Static HTML App',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'static-html-export',
  stepId: 'no-need-to-build-always',
  question: {
    answers: [
      "It's not required for `next export`",
      'Next export invokes `next build` inside it',
      'The page `/post` already exists in the build',
      'The page `/p` already exists in the build'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'The page `/post` already exists in the build'
  }
};

## No Need to Always Build

As you've seen, we can access the page without any issues. That page is not available in the `/` page, but we were able to generate the static HTML for it.

That's because the exporting HTML is totally controlled by the config we've added to the `next.config.js`.

In order to export that page, these are the commands we've invoked:

```bash
npm run export
cd out
serve -p 8080
```

As you can see, there's no `npm run build` command. Why is that?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

Update static export lesson (#396)
* Updated the static-html-export lesson

pages/learn/excel/static-html-export/no-need-to-build-always.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';
import AnswerBox from '../../../../components/learn/AnswerBox';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Export into a Static HTML App',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'static-html-export',
  stepId: 'no-need-to-build-always',
  question: {
    answers: [
      "It's not required for `next export`",
      '`next export` invokes `next build` inside it',
      'The page `/show/[id]` already exists in the build',
      'The page `/show` already exists in the build'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'The page `/show/[id]` already exists in the build'
  }
};

## No Need to Always Build

As you've seen, we can access the page without any issues. You can also access any of the other shows in `/`.

The page `/show/[id]` can be used to generate an HTML file for every show. The exported HTML is totally controlled by the config we've added to `next.config.js`.

In order to export the app, these are the commands we've invoked:

```bash
npm run export
cd out
serve -p 8080
```

As you can see, there's no `npm run build` command. Why is that?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
