pages/learn/basics/api-routes/fetching-api-routes.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'API Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'api-routes',
  stepId: 'fetching-api-routes'
};

## Fetching API Routes

Congratulations. You have successfully created your first API route!

Now, let's use random quotes instead of the single quote we currently have. For that we're going to use the quotes inside `quotes.json`.

First, if you didn't clone the starter code [earlier in this lesson](/learn/basics/api-routes/setup), you need to install `swr`. `swr` is a React Hook for remote data fetching. You can learn more about it [here](https://swr.now.sh/).

```bash
npm install swr
```

Open `pages/api/randomQuote.js` and replace its content with the following:

```js
import quotes from '../../quotes.json';

export default (req, res) => {
  const quote = quotes[Math.floor(Math.random() * quotes.length)];
  res.status(200).json(quote);
};
```

And now let's consume our API and display the random quote in a page.

Open `pages/index.js` and replace its content with the following:

```jsx
import useSWR from 'swr';

function fetcher(url) {
  return fetch(url).then(r => r.json());
}

export default function Index() {
  const { data, error } = useSWR('/api/randomQuote', fetcher);
  // The following line has optional chaining, added in Next.js v9.1.5,
  // is the same as `data && data.author`
  const author = data?.author;
  let quote = data?.quote;

  if (!data) quote = 'Loading...';
  if (error) quote = 'Failed to fetch the quote.';

  return (
    <main className="center">
      <div className="quote">{quote}</div>
      {author && <span className="author">- {author}</span>}

      <style jsx>{`
        main {
          width: 90%;
          max-width: 900px;
          margin: 300px auto;
          text-align: center;
        }
        .quote {
          font-family: cursive;
          color: #e243de;
          font-size: 24px;
          padding-bottom: 10px;
        }
        .author {
          font-family: sans-serif;
          color: #559834;
          font-size: 20px;
        }
      `}</style>
    </main>
  );
}
```

In your browser, open http://localhost:3000 and you'll be able to see a random quote from the API, and you can refresh the page to update the quote.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

add a link to the quotes.json file in the fetching-api-routes tutorial (#613)
* add a link to the quotes.json file

* Update fetching-api-routes.mdx

pages/learn/basics/api-routes/fetching-api-routes.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'API Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'api-routes',
  stepId: 'fetching-api-routes'
};

## Fetching API Routes

Congratulations. You have successfully created your first API route!

Now, let's use random quotes instead of the single quote we currently have. For that we're going to use the quotes inside `quotes.json`.

First, if you didn't clone the starter code [earlier in this lesson](/learn/basics/api-routes/setup), you need to install `swr`. `swr` is a React Hook for remote data fetching. You can learn more about it [here](https://swr.now.sh/).

```bash
npm install swr
```

If you haven't cloned the starter code, you will also need to [copy the `quotes.json` file from GitHub](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-demo/blob/master/7.2-api-routes/quotes.json). 

Open `pages/api/randomQuote.js` and replace its content with the following:

```js
import quotes from '../../quotes.json';

export default (req, res) => {
  const quote = quotes[Math.floor(Math.random() * quotes.length)];
  res.status(200).json(quote);
};
```

And now let's consume our API and display the random quote in a page.

Open `pages/index.js` and replace its content with the following:

```jsx
import useSWR from 'swr';

function fetcher(url) {
  return fetch(url).then(r => r.json());
}

export default function Index() {
  const { data, error } = useSWR('/api/randomQuote', fetcher);
  // The following line has optional chaining, added in Next.js v9.1.5,
  // is the same as `data && data.author`
  const author = data?.author;
  let quote = data?.quote;

  if (!data) quote = 'Loading...';
  if (error) quote = 'Failed to fetch the quote.';

  return (
    <main className="center">
      <div className="quote">{quote}</div>
      {author && <span className="author">- {author}</span>}

      <style jsx>{`
        main {
          width: 90%;
          max-width: 900px;
          margin: 300px auto;
          text-align: center;
        }
        .quote {
          font-family: cursive;
          color: #e243de;
          font-size: 24px;
          padding-bottom: 10px;
        }
        .author {
          font-family: sans-serif;
          color: #559834;
          font-size: 20px;
        }
      `}</style>
    </main>
  );
}
```

In your browser, open http://localhost:3000 and you'll be able to see a random quote from the API, and you can refresh the page to update the quote.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
