telemetry/about.mdx, before:

## Telemetry

Next.js collects **completely anonymous** telemetry data about general usage.
Participation in this anonymous program is optional, and you may opt-out if you'd not like to share any information.

### Why Is Telemetry Collected?

Next.js has grown considerably since its release, becoming the de-facto React Framework for developers.<br/>
Prior to telemetry collection, our improvement process has been very much a manual one.

For example, ZEIT [dogfoods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_your_own_dog_food) many large React applications (e.g. [zeit.co](https://zeit.co), [zeit.co/docs](https://zeit.co/docs), [nextjs.org](https://nextjs.org)). Additionally, we actively engage with the community to gather feedback.<br/>
However, this approach only allows us to collect feedback from a subset of users. This subset may have different needs and use-cases than you.

Telemetry allows us to accurately gauge Next.js feature usage, pain points, and customization across all users.<br/>
This data will let us better tailor Next.js to the masses, ensuring its continued growth, relevance, and best-in-class developer experience.<br/>
Furthermore, this will allow us to verify if improvements made to the framework are improving the baseline of all applications.

### What Is Being Collected?

We track general usage information, such as Next.js plugins and build performance.
Specifically, we track the following anonymously:

- Command invoked (`next build`, `next dev`, or `next export`)
- Version of Next.js
- General machine information (e.g. number of CPUs, macOS/Windows/Linux, whether or not the command was run within CI)
- What Next.js plugins are present in your project
- Duration of `next build` and size of application (total number of pages)

> **Note**: This list is regularly audited to ensure its accuracy.

You can view exactly what is being collected by setting the following environment variable: `NEXT_TELEMETRY_DEBUG=1`.<br/>
When this environment variable is set, data will **not be sent to us**.
The data will only be printed out to the [_stderr_ stream](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_streams), prefixed with `[telemetry]`.

An example telemetry event looks like this:

```json
{
  "eventName": "NEXT_VERSION",
  "payload": {
    "version": "9.0.5-canary.2",
    "isDevelopment": false
  }
}
```

### What about Sensitive Data (e.g. Secrets)?

We **do not** collect any metrics which may contain sensitive data.<br/>
This includes, but is not limited to: environment variables, file paths, contents of files, logs, or serialized JavaScript errors.

We take your privacy and our security very seriously.
Next.js telemetry falls under the [security disclosure policy](https://zeit.co/security#policy).

### Will This Data Be Shared?

The data we collect is completely anonymous, not traceable to the source, and only meaningful in aggregate form.<br/>
No data we collect is personally identifiable.

In the future, we plan to share relevant data with the community through public dashboards (or similar data representation formats).

### How Do I Opt-Out?

You may opt out-by running `next telemetry disable` in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry disable
```

You may check the status of telemetry collection at any time by running `next telemetry status` in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry status
```

You may re-enable telemetry if you'd like to re-join the program by running the following in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry enable
```

You may also opt-out by setting an environment variable: `NEXT_TELEMETRY_DISABLED=1`.

Commit message:

Use constants for names (#635)
* Updated repo details

* Added ZEIT to the company slider

* Added zeit icon

* Added mention to ZEIT in the blog and homepage

* Added mention to ZEIT in the first learn lesson

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-Authored-By: Tim Neutkens <tim@timneutkens.nl>
Co-Authored-By: Paco <34928425+pacocoursey@users.noreply.github.com>

* Undo unrequired changes

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-Authored-By: Tim Neutkens <tim@timneutkens.nl>

* Added ZEIT to descriptions

* Update components/page.js

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Update components/showcase/title.js

Co-Authored-By: Shu Uesugi <shu@chibicode.com>

* Add TwitterLink

* Add more constants

* Update showcase

* Remove unused logo

* Update logos

* Move more constants

* Update more files

* Add components/name

* Replace more constants

* Update old docs

* Add CLI link

* Use ORG_NAME

* Delete twitter-link.js

* Use PLATFORM_URL

* Add missing import

Co-authored-by: Luis Alvarez <luis@zeit.co>
Co-authored-by: Tim Neutkens <tim@timneutkens.nl>
Co-authored-by: Paco <34928425+pacocoursey@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

telemetry/about.mdx, after:

import OrgText from '../components/name/org-text.js';
import PlatformLink from '../components/name/platform-link';

## Telemetry

Next.js collects **completely anonymous** telemetry data about general usage.
Participation in this anonymous program is optional, and you may opt-out if you'd not like to share any information.

### Why Is Telemetry Collected?

Next.js has grown considerably since its release, becoming the de-facto React Framework for developers.<br/>
Prior to telemetry collection, our improvement process has been very much a manual one.

For example, <OrgText /> [dogfoods](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eating_your_own_dog_food) many large React applications (e.g. <PlatformLink href='/' />, <PlatformLink href='/docs' />, [https://nextjs.org](https://nextjs.org)). Additionally, we actively engage with the community to gather feedback.<br/>
However, this approach only allows us to collect feedback from a subset of users. This subset may have different needs and use-cases than you.

Telemetry allows us to accurately gauge Next.js feature usage, pain points, and customization across all users.<br/>
This data will let us better tailor Next.js to the masses, ensuring its continued growth, relevance, and best-in-class developer experience.<br/>
Furthermore, this will allow us to verify if improvements made to the framework are improving the baseline of all applications.

### What Is Being Collected?

We track general usage information, such as Next.js plugins and build performance.
Specifically, we track the following anonymously:

- Command invoked (`next build`, `next dev`, or `next export`)
- Version of Next.js
- General machine information (e.g. number of CPUs, macOS/Windows/Linux, whether or not the command was run within CI)
- What Next.js plugins are present in your project
- Duration of `next build` and size of application (total number of pages)

> **Note**: This list is regularly audited to ensure its accuracy.

You can view exactly what is being collected by setting the following environment variable: `NEXT_TELEMETRY_DEBUG=1`.<br/>
When this environment variable is set, data will **not be sent to us**.
The data will only be printed out to the [_stderr_ stream](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_streams), prefixed with `[telemetry]`.

An example telemetry event looks like this:

```json
{
  "eventName": "NEXT_VERSION",
  "payload": {
    "version": "9.0.5-canary.2",
    "isDevelopment": false
  }
}
```

### What about Sensitive Data (e.g. Secrets)?

We **do not** collect any metrics which may contain sensitive data.<br/>
This includes, but is not limited to: environment variables, file paths, contents of files, logs, or serialized JavaScript errors.

We take your privacy and our security very seriously.
Next.js telemetry falls under the [security disclosure policy](https://zeit.co/security#policy).

### Will This Data Be Shared?

The data we collect is completely anonymous, not traceable to the source, and only meaningful in aggregate form.<br/>
No data we collect is personally identifiable.

In the future, we plan to share relevant data with the community through public dashboards (or similar data representation formats).

### How Do I Opt-Out?

You may opt out-by running `next telemetry disable` in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry disable
```

You may check the status of telemetry collection at any time by running `next telemetry status` in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry status
```

You may re-enable telemetry if you'd like to re-join the program by running the following in the root of your project directory:

```bash
npx next telemetry enable
```

You may also opt-out by setting an environment variable: `NEXT_TELEMETRY_DISABLED=1`.
