pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Getting Started',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'getting-started'
};

It's no secret that creating single-page JavaScript applications can be pretty challenging these days. Fortunately, there are some projects available which simplify things and help you build apps faster.

[Create React App](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/) is a very good example of that.

Even still, there's a high learning curve before you can build a proper application. That's because you need to learn about client-side routing, page layout, and so on. If you'd like to perform server-side rendering for faster page loads, things can become even more difficult.

**So, we need something simple but customizable.**

Think about how webapps are created with PHP. You create some files, write PHP code, then simply deploy it. We don't have to worry about routing much, and the app is rendered on the server by default.

<img
  width="112"
  alt="Next.js Logo"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/50838/24116055/7076ba9c-0dcb-11e7-93d0-ba8f9ac8f6e4.png"
/>

That's exactly what we do with [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js). Instead of PHP, we build the app with JavaScript and React. Here are some other cool features Next.js brings to the table:

- Server-rendered by default
- Automatic code splitting for faster page loads
- Simple client-side routing (page based)
- Webpack-based dev environment which supports [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/) (HMR)
- Able to implement with Express or any other Node.js HTTP server
- Customizable with your own Babel and Webpack configurations

Sounds great, right?
Let's give it a try.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

Update the getting started lesson (#454)
* Updated the getting started lesson

* Update pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Update pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Update pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Update pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Update pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-Authored-By: Joe Haddad <joe.haddad@zeit.co>

pages/learn/basics/getting-started/index.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Getting Started',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'getting-started'
};

It's no secret that creating single-page JavaScript applications can be pretty challenging these days. Fortunately, there are multiple frameworks and libraries to choose from.

Even still, there's a high learning curve before you can build a proper application. That's because you need to learn about client-side routing, page layout, APIs, and so on. Furthermore, you may want to server-side render certain pages and statically prerender others (balancing SEO and speed).

**So, we need something simple but customizable.**

Think about how webapps are created with PHP. You create some files, write PHP code, then simply deploy it. We don't have to worry about routing much, and the app is rendered on the server by default.

<img
  width="112"
  alt="Next.js Logo"
  src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/50838/24116055/7076ba9c-0dcb-11e7-93d0-ba8f9ac8f6e4.png"
/>

That's exactly what we do with [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js). Instead of PHP, we build the app with JavaScript and React. Here are some other cool features Next.js brings to the table:

- An intuitive page-based routing system (with support for dynamic routes)
- Automatically statically optimizes page(s) when possible
- Server-side renders page(s) with blocking data requirements
- Automatic code splitting for faster page loads
- Client-side routing with optimized page prefetching
- Webpack-based dev environment which supports [Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/) (HMR)
- API routes to build your API with serverless functions, with the same simple router used for pages
- Customizable with community plugins and with your own Babel and Webpack configurations

Sounds great, right?
Let's give it a try.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
