pages/learn/basics/assets-metadata-css/polishing-layout.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Assets, Metadata, and CSS',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'assets-metadata-css',
  stepId: 'polishing-layout',
  subtitle: 'Polishing Layout'
}

So far, we’ve only added minimal React and CSS code just to illustrate concepts such as CSS Modules. Before we move on to our next lesson (data fetching), let’s polish our page styling and code.

### Download Your Profile Picture

First, we’ll be using your profile picture for the final design.

- **Download** your profile picture from GitHub, Twitter, LinkedIn or elsewhere (or [use this file](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/blob/master/basics-final/public/images/profile.jpg)).
- Create an `images` directory inside of the `public` directory.
- Save the picture as `profile.jpg` in the `public/images` directory.
- The image size can be around 400px by 400px.
- You may remove `public/zeit.svg`.

### Update `components/layout.module.css`

Second, we’ll use the following for `components/layout.module.css` — simply copy and paste it. It adds some more polished styles.

```css
.container {
  max-width: 36rem;
  padding: 0 1rem;
  margin: 3rem auto 6rem;
}

.header {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  align-items: center;
}

.headerImage {
  width: 6rem;
  height: 6rem;
}

.headerHomeImage {
  width: 8rem;
  height: 8rem;
}

.backToHome {
  margin: 3rem 0 0;
}
```

### Create `styles/utils.module.css`

Third, let’s create a set of utility CSS classes for typography and others that will be useful across multiple components.

Let’s add it as a CSS Module at `styles/utils.module.css`.

```css
.heading2Xl {
  font-size: 2.5rem;
  line-height: 1.2;
  font-weight: 800;
  letter-spacing: -0.05rem;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingXl {
  font-size: 2rem;
  line-height: 1.3;
  font-weight: 800;
  letter-spacing: -0.05rem;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingLg {
  font-size: 1.5rem;
  line-height: 1.4;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingMd {
  font-size: 1.2rem;
  line-height: 1.5;
}

.borderCircle {
  border-radius: 9999px;
}

.colorInherit {
  color: inherit;
}

.padding1px {
  padding-top: 1px;
}

.list {
  list-style: none;
  padding: 0;
  margin: 0;
}

.listItem {
  margin: 0 0 1.25rem;
}

.lightText {
  color: #999;
}
```

### Update `components/layout.js`

Fourth, copy the following code to `components/layout.js` and **change** `Your Name` at the top to your name. Here’s what’s new:

- `meta` tags (like `og:image`)
- Boolean `home` prop which will adjust the size of the title and the image
- “Back to home” link at the bottom if `home` is `false`

```jsx
import Head from 'next/head'
import styles from './layout.module.css'
import utilStyles from '../styles/utils.module.css'
import Link from 'next/link'

const name = 'Your Name'
export const siteTitle = 'Next.js Sample Website'

export default function Layout({ children, home }) {
  return (
    <div className={styles.container}>
      <Head>
        <link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
        <meta
          name="description"
          content="Learn how to build a personal website using Next.js"
        />
        <meta
          property="og:image"
          content={`https://og-image.now.sh/${encodeURI(
            siteTitle
          )}.png?theme=light&md=0&fontSize=75px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnextjs-black-logo.svg`}
        />
        <meta name="og:title" content={siteTitle} />
        <meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image" />
      </Head>
      <header className={styles.header}>
        {home ? (
          <>
            <img
              src="/images/profile.jpg"
              className={`${styles.headerHomeImage} ${utilStyles.borderCircle}`}
              alt={name}
            />
            <h1 className={utilStyles.heading2Xl}>{name}</h1>
          </>
        ) : (
          <>
            <Link href="/">
              <a>
                <img
                  src="/images/profile.jpg"
                  className={`${styles.headerImage} ${utilStyles.borderCircle}`}
                  alt={name}
                />
              </a>
            </Link>
            <h2 className={utilStyles.headingLg}>
              <Link href="/">
                <a className={utilStyles.colorInherit}>{name}</a>
              </Link>
            </h2>
          </>
        )}
      </header>
      <main>{children}</main>
      {!home && (
        <div className={styles.backToHome}>
          <Link href="/">
            <a>← Back to home</a>
          </Link>
        </div>
      )}
    </div>
  )
}
```

### Update `pages/index.js`

Finally, let's update the homepage.

Change `pages/index.js` as follows:

```jsx
import Head from 'next/head'
import Layout, { siteTitle } from '../components/layout'
import utilStyles from '../styles/utils.module.css'

export default function Home() {
  return (
    <Layout home>
      <Head>
        <title>{siteTitle}</title>
      </Head>
      <section className={utilStyles.headingMd}>
        <p>[Your Self Introduction]</p>
        <p>
          (This is a sample website - you’ll be building a site like this on{' '}
          <a href="https://nextjs.org/learn">our Next.js tutorial</a>.)
        </p>
      </section>
    </Layout>
  )
}
```

Then replace `[Your Self Introduction]` with your self introduction. Here’s an example with the author’s profile:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Example"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/assets-metadata-css/example.png"
  width={1268 / 2}
  height={864 / 2}
/>

That’s it! We now have the polished layout code in place to move onto our data fetching lessons.

Before we wrap up this lesson, let’s talk about some helpful techniques related to Next.js’s CSS support on the next page.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Update the image reference (#644)
* Update the image reference

* Add "logo"

* Clarify

pages/learn/basics/assets-metadata-css/polishing-layout.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Assets, Metadata, and CSS',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'assets-metadata-css',
  stepId: 'polishing-layout',
  subtitle: 'Polishing Layout'
}

So far, we’ve only added minimal React and CSS code just to illustrate concepts such as CSS Modules. Before we move on to our next lesson (data fetching), let’s polish our page styling and code.

### Download Your Profile Picture

First, we’ll be using your profile picture for the final design.

- **Download** your profile picture from GitHub, Twitter, LinkedIn or elsewhere (or [use this file](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/blob/master/basics-final/public/images/profile.jpg)).
- Create an `images` directory inside of the `public` directory.
- Save the picture as `profile.jpg` in the `public/images` directory.
- The image size can be around 400px by 400px.
- You may remove the unused SVG logo file directly under the `public` directory.

### Update `components/layout.module.css`

Second, we’ll use the following for `components/layout.module.css` — simply copy and paste it. It adds some more polished styles.

```css
.container {
  max-width: 36rem;
  padding: 0 1rem;
  margin: 3rem auto 6rem;
}

.header {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  align-items: center;
}

.headerImage {
  width: 6rem;
  height: 6rem;
}

.headerHomeImage {
  width: 8rem;
  height: 8rem;
}

.backToHome {
  margin: 3rem 0 0;
}
```

### Create `styles/utils.module.css`

Third, let’s create a set of utility CSS classes for typography and others that will be useful across multiple components.

Let’s add it as a CSS Module at `styles/utils.module.css`.

```css
.heading2Xl {
  font-size: 2.5rem;
  line-height: 1.2;
  font-weight: 800;
  letter-spacing: -0.05rem;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingXl {
  font-size: 2rem;
  line-height: 1.3;
  font-weight: 800;
  letter-spacing: -0.05rem;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingLg {
  font-size: 1.5rem;
  line-height: 1.4;
  margin: 1rem 0;
}

.headingMd {
  font-size: 1.2rem;
  line-height: 1.5;
}

.borderCircle {
  border-radius: 9999px;
}

.colorInherit {
  color: inherit;
}

.padding1px {
  padding-top: 1px;
}

.list {
  list-style: none;
  padding: 0;
  margin: 0;
}

.listItem {
  margin: 0 0 1.25rem;
}

.lightText {
  color: #999;
}
```

### Update `components/layout.js`

Fourth, copy the following code to `components/layout.js` and **change** `Your Name` at the top to your name. Here’s what’s new:

- `meta` tags (like `og:image`)
- Boolean `home` prop which will adjust the size of the title and the image
- “Back to home” link at the bottom if `home` is `false`

```jsx
import Head from 'next/head'
import styles from './layout.module.css'
import utilStyles from '../styles/utils.module.css'
import Link from 'next/link'

const name = 'Your Name'
export const siteTitle = 'Next.js Sample Website'

export default function Layout({ children, home }) {
  return (
    <div className={styles.container}>
      <Head>
        <link rel="icon" href="/favicon.ico" />
        <meta
          name="description"
          content="Learn how to build a personal website using Next.js"
        />
        <meta
          property="og:image"
          content={`https://og-image.now.sh/${encodeURI(
            siteTitle
          )}.png?theme=light&md=0&fontSize=75px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnextjs-black-logo.svg`}
        />
        <meta name="og:title" content={siteTitle} />
        <meta name="twitter:card" content="summary_large_image" />
      </Head>
      <header className={styles.header}>
        {home ? (
          <>
            <img
              src="/images/profile.jpg"
              className={`${styles.headerHomeImage} ${utilStyles.borderCircle}`}
              alt={name}
            />
            <h1 className={utilStyles.heading2Xl}>{name}</h1>
          </>
        ) : (
          <>
            <Link href="/">
              <a>
                <img
                  src="/images/profile.jpg"
                  className={`${styles.headerImage} ${utilStyles.borderCircle}`}
                  alt={name}
                />
              </a>
            </Link>
            <h2 className={utilStyles.headingLg}>
              <Link href="/">
                <a className={utilStyles.colorInherit}>{name}</a>
              </Link>
            </h2>
          </>
        )}
      </header>
      <main>{children}</main>
      {!home && (
        <div className={styles.backToHome}>
          <Link href="/">
            <a>← Back to home</a>
          </Link>
        </div>
      )}
    </div>
  )
}
```

### Update `pages/index.js`

Finally, let's update the homepage.

Change `pages/index.js` as follows:

```jsx
import Head from 'next/head'
import Layout, { siteTitle } from '../components/layout'
import utilStyles from '../styles/utils.module.css'

export default function Home() {
  return (
    <Layout home>
      <Head>
        <title>{siteTitle}</title>
      </Head>
      <section className={utilStyles.headingMd}>
        <p>[Your Self Introduction]</p>
        <p>
          (This is a sample website - you’ll be building a site like this on{' '}
          <a href="https://nextjs.org/learn">our Next.js tutorial</a>.)
        </p>
      </section>
    </Layout>
  )
}
```

Then replace `[Your Self Introduction]` with your self introduction. Here’s an example with the author’s profile:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Example"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/assets-metadata-css/example.png"
  width={1268 / 2}
  height={864 / 2}
/>

That’s it! We now have the polished layout code in place to move onto our data fetching lessons.

Before we wrap up this lesson, let’s talk about some helpful techniques related to Next.js’s CSS support on the next page.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
