pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/implement-getstaticprops.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'implement-getstaticprops',
  subtitle: 'Implement getStaticProps'
}

We need to fetch necessary data to render the post with the given `id`.

To do so, open `lib/posts.js` again and and add this function. This will return the post data based on `id`:

```jsx
export function getPostData(id) {
  const fullPath = path.join(postsDirectory, `${id}.md`)
  const fileContents = fs.readFileSync(fullPath, 'utf8')

  // Use gray-matter to parse the post metadata section
  const matterResult = matter(fileContents)

  // Combine the data with the id
  return {
    id,
    ...matterResult.data
  }
}
```

Finally, in `[id].js`, replace this line:

```js
import { getAllPostIds } from '../../lib/posts'
```

…with this:

```js
import { getAllPostIds, getPostData } from '../../lib/posts'
```

And create `getStaticProps` which calls this function:

```jsx
export async function getStaticProps({ params }) {
  const postData = getPostData(params.id)
  return {
    props: {
      postData
    }
  }
}
```

Then update the `Post` component to use `postData`:

```jsx
export default function Post({ postData }) {
  return (
    <Layout>
      {postData.title}
      <br />
      {postData.id}
      <br />
      {postData.date}
    </Layout>
  )
}
```

That’s it! Try visiting these pages:

- [http://localhost:3000/posts/ssg-ssr](http://localhost:3000/posts/ssg-ssr)
- [http://localhost:3000/posts/pre-rendering](http://localhost:3000/posts/pre-rendering)

You should be able to see the blog data for each page:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Blog Data"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/blog-data-post-page.png"
  width={948 / 2}
  height={738 / 2}
/>

Great! We’ve successfully generated dynamic pages. Again, here’s the graphical summary of what we’ve done:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/how-to-dynamic-routes.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1054 / 2}
/>

But we still haven’t displayed the blog **markdown content**. So let’s do this next.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Make dynamic routes lessons less confusing (#642)
* Clarify dynamic routes instructions

* Add more helpful comments

* Add link to GitHub discussions

* Simplify language

* Typo fix

pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/implement-getstaticprops.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'implement-getstaticprops',
  subtitle: 'Implement getStaticProps'
}

We need to fetch necessary data to render the post with the given `id`.

To do so, open `lib/posts.js` again and and add this function. This will return the post data based on `id`:

```jsx
export function getPostData(id) {
  const fullPath = path.join(postsDirectory, `${id}.md`)
  const fileContents = fs.readFileSync(fullPath, 'utf8')

  // Use gray-matter to parse the post metadata section
  const matterResult = matter(fileContents)

  // Combine the data with the id
  return {
    id,
    ...matterResult.data
  }
}
```

Finally, in `pages/posts/[id].js`, replace this line:

```js
import { getAllPostIds } from '../../lib/posts'
```

…with this:

```js
import { getAllPostIds, getPostData } from '../../lib/posts'
```

And create `getStaticProps` which calls this function:

```jsx
export async function getStaticProps({ params }) {
  const postData = getPostData(params.id)
  return {
    props: {
      postData
    }
  }
}
```

Then update the `Post` component to use `postData`:

```jsx
export default function Post({ postData }) {
  return (
    <Layout>
      {postData.title}
      <br />
      {postData.id}
      <br />
      {postData.date}
    </Layout>
  )
}
```

That’s it! Try visiting these pages:

- [http://localhost:3000/posts/ssg-ssr](http://localhost:3000/posts/ssg-ssr)
- [http://localhost:3000/posts/pre-rendering](http://localhost:3000/posts/pre-rendering)

You should be able to see the blog data for each page:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Blog Data"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/blog-data-post-page.png"
  width={948 / 2}
  height={738 / 2}
/>

Great! We’ve successfully generated dynamic pages.

### Something Wrong?

If you come across an error, make sure your files have the correct code:

- `pages/posts/[id].js` should [look like this](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/blob/master/dynamic-routes-step-1/pages/posts/%5Bid%5D.js).
- `lib/posts.js` should [look like this](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/blob/master/dynamic-routes-step-1/lib/posts.js).
- (If it’s still not working) The remaining code should [look like this](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/tree/master/dynamic-routes-step-1).

If you’re still stuck, feel free to ask the community on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/discussions). It’d be helpful if you could push your code to GitHub and link to it so others can take a look.

### Summary

Again, here’s the graphical summary of what we’ve done:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/how-to-dynamic-routes.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1054 / 2}
/>

But we still haven’t displayed the blog **markdown content**. So let’s do this next.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
