pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/page-path-external-data.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'page-path-external-data',
  subtitle: 'Page Path Depends on External Data'
}

In the previous lesson, we covered the case where the **page content** depends on external data. We used `getStaticProps` to fetch required data to render the index page.

In this lesson, we’ll talk about the case where each **page path** depends on external data. Next.js allows you to statically generate pages with paths that depend on exterenal data. This enables **dynamic URLs** in Next.js.

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Page Path Depends on External Data"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/page-path-external-data.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1050 / 2}
/>

### How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes

In our case, we want to create dynamic pages for blog posts:

- We want each post to have the path `/posts/<id>`, where `<id>` is the name of the markdown file under the top-level `posts` directory.
- Since we have `ssg-ssr.md` and `pre-rendering.md`, we’d like the paths to be `/posts/ssg-ssr` and `/posts/pre-rendering`.

We can do this by taking the following steps.

First, we’ll create a page called **`[id].js`** under `pages/posts`. Pages that begin with `[` and end with `]` are dynamic pages in Next.js.

In `[id].js`, we’ll write code that will render a post page — just like other pages we’ve created.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}
```

Now, here’s what’s new: We’ll export an async function called `getStaticPaths` from this page. In this function, we need to return a list of **possible values** for `id`.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}

export async function getStaticPaths() {
  // Return a list of possible value for id
}
```

Finally, we need to implement `getStaticProps` again - this time, to fetch necessary data for the blog post with a given `id`. `getStaticProps` is given `params`, which contains `id`.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}

export async function getStaticPaths() {
  // Return a list of possible value for id
}

export async function getStaticProps({ params }) {
  // Fetch necessary data for the blog post using params.id
}
```

Here’s a graphic summary of what we just talked about:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/how-to-dynamic-routes.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1054 / 2}
/>

Let’s try this on the next page!

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Make dynamic routes lessons less confusing (#642)
* Clarify dynamic routes instructions

* Add more helpful comments

* Add link to GitHub discussions

* Simplify language

* Typo fix

pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/page-path-external-data.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'page-path-external-data',
  subtitle: 'Page Path Depends on External Data'
}

In the previous lesson, we covered the case where the **page content** depends on external data. We used `getStaticProps` to fetch required data to render the index page.

In this lesson, we’ll talk about the case where each **page path** depends on external data. Next.js allows you to statically generate pages with paths that depend on exterenal data. This enables **dynamic URLs** in Next.js.

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Page Path Depends on External Data"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/page-path-external-data.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1050 / 2}
/>

### How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes

In our case, we want to create dynamic pages for blog posts:

- We want each post to have the path `/posts/<id>`, where `<id>` is the name of the markdown file under the top-level `posts` directory.
- Since we have `ssg-ssr.md` and `pre-rendering.md`, we’d like the paths to be `/posts/ssg-ssr` and `/posts/pre-rendering`.

### Overview of the Steps

We can do this by taking the following steps. **You don’t have to make these changes yet** — we’ll do it all on the next page.

First, we’ll create a page called **`[id].js`** under `pages/posts`. Pages that begin with `[` and end with `]` are dynamic pages in Next.js.

In `pages/posts/[id].js`, we’ll write code that will render a post page — just like other pages we’ve created.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}
```

Now, here’s what’s new: We’ll export an async function called `getStaticPaths` from this page. In this function, we need to return a list of **possible values** for `id`.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}

export async function getStaticPaths() {
  // Return a list of possible value for id
}
```

Finally, we need to implement `getStaticProps` again - this time, to fetch necessary data for the blog post with a given `id`. `getStaticProps` is given `params`, which contains `id`.

```jsx
import Layout from '../../components/layout'

export default function Post() {
  return <Layout>...</Layout>
}

export async function getStaticPaths() {
  // Return a list of possible value for id
}

export async function getStaticProps({ params }) {
  // Fetch necessary data for the blog post using params.id
}
```

Here’s a graphic summary of what we just talked about:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="How to Statically Generate Pages with Dynamic Routes"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/how-to-dynamic-routes.png"
  width={1246 / 2}
  height={1054 / 2}
/>

Let’s try this on the next page!

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
