pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/polishing-index-page.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'polishing-index-page',
  subtitle: 'Polishing the Index Page'
}

As the final step, let’s update our index page (`pages/index.js`).

In particular, we need to add links to each post page. We’ll be using the `Link` component, but we need to do something differently this time.

To link to a page with dynamic routes, you need to use the `Link` component differently. In our case, to link to `/posts/ssg-ssr`, you need to write it like this:

```jsx
<Link href="/posts/[id]" as="/posts/ssg-ssr">
  <a>...</a>
</Link>
```

As you can see, you need to use `[id]` for `href` and the actual path (`ssg-ssr`) for the `as` prop.

Let’s implement it. First, import `Link` and `Date` in `posts/index.js`:

```js
import Link from 'next/link'
import Date from '../components/date'
```

Then, near the bottom of the `Home` component, replace the `li` tag with the following:

```jsx
<li className={utilStyles.listItem} key={id}>
  <Link href="/posts/[id]" as={`/posts/${id}`}>
    <a>{title}</a>
  </Link>
  <br />
  <small className={utilStyles.lightText}>
    <Date dateString={date} />
  </small>
</li>
```

It should now have the links to each article:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Links"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/links.png"
  width={1152 / 2}
  height={472 / 2}
/>

That’s it! Before we wrap up this lesson, let’s talk about some tips for using dynamic routes on the next page.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Make dynamic routes lessons less confusing (#642)
* Clarify dynamic routes instructions

* Add more helpful comments

* Add link to GitHub discussions

* Simplify language

* Typo fix

pages/learn/basics/dynamic-routes/polishing-index-page.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Image from '../../../../components/image'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Dynamic Routes',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'dynamic-routes',
  stepId: 'polishing-index-page',
  subtitle: 'Polishing the Index Page'
}

As the final step, let’s update our index page (`pages/index.js`).

In particular, we need to add links to each post page. We’ll be using the `Link` component, but we need to do something differently this time.

To link to a page with dynamic routes, you need to use the `Link` component differently. In our case, to link to `/posts/ssg-ssr`, you need to write it like this:

```jsx
<Link href="/posts/[id]" as="/posts/ssg-ssr">
  <a>...</a>
</Link>
```

As you can see, you need to use `[id]` for `href` and the actual path (`ssg-ssr`) for the `as` prop.

Let’s implement it. First, import `Link` and `Date` in `posts/index.js`:

```js
import Link from 'next/link'
import Date from '../components/date'
```

Then, near the bottom of the `Home` component, replace the `li` tag with the following:

```jsx
<li className={utilStyles.listItem} key={id}>
  <Link href="/posts/[id]" as={`/posts/${id}`}>
    <a>{title}</a>
  </Link>
  <br />
  <small className={utilStyles.lightText}>
    <Date dateString={date} />
  </small>
</li>
```

It should now have the links to each article:

<Image
  shadow
  alt="Links"
  oversize={false}
  src="/static/images/learn/dynamic-routes/links.png"
  width={1152 / 2}
  height={472 / 2}
/>

> If something is not working, make sure that your code [looks like this](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/tree/master/api-routes-starter).

That’s it! Before we wrap up this lesson, let’s talk about some tips for using dynamic routes on the next page.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
