pages/learn/basics/create-nextjs-app/setup.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Create a Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'create-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'setup',
  subtitle: 'Setup',
  question: {
    answers: ['Welcome to Next.js!', 'Hello Next.js!'],
    correctAnswer: 'Welcome to Next.js!'
  }
}

First, let’s make sure that your development environment is ready.

- If you don’t have **Node.js** installed, [install it from here](https://nodejs.org/en/). You’ll need Node.js version **10** or later.
- You’ll be using your own text editor and terminal app for this tutorial.

> If you are on Windows, we recommend [downloading Git for Windows](https://gitforwindows.org/) and use Git Bash that comes with it, which supports the UNIX-specific commands in this tutorial.

### Create a Next.js app

To create a Next.js app, open your terminal, `cd` into the directory you’d like to create the app in, and run the following command:

```bash
npm init next-app nextjs-blog
```

Then choose the **Default starter app** template.

```bash
❯  Default starter app
```

> Under the hood, this uses the tool called `create-next-app`, which bootstraps a Next.js app for you.

### Run the development server

You now have a new directory called `nextjs-blog`. Let’s `cd` into it:

```bash
cd nextjs-blog
```

Then, run the following command:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This starts your Next.js app’s "development server" (more on this later) on port **3000**.

Let’s check to see if it’s working. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) from your browser.

**Question**: What text do you see on the page?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Update installation scripts and add shell syntax (#647)

pages/learn/basics/create-nextjs-app/setup.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Create a Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'create-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'setup',
  subtitle: 'Setup',
  question: {
    answers: ['Welcome to Next.js!', 'Hello Next.js!'],
    correctAnswer: 'Welcome to Next.js!'
  }
}

First, let’s make sure that your development environment is ready.

- If you don’t have **Node.js** installed, [install it from here](https://nodejs.org/en/). You’ll need Node.js version **10** or later.
- You’ll be using your own text editor and terminal app for this tutorial.

> If you are on Windows, we recommend [downloading Git for Windows](https://gitforwindows.org/) and use Git Bash that comes with it, which supports the UNIX-specific commands in this tutorial.

### Create a Next.js app

To create a Next.js app, open your terminal, `cd` into the directory you’d like to create the app in, and run the following command:

```shell
npm init next-app nextjs-blog --example "https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/tree/master/learn-starter"
```

> Under the hood, this uses the tool called `create-next-app`, which bootstraps a Next.js app for you. It uses [this template](https://github.com/zeit/next-learn-starter/tree/master/learn-starter) through the `--example` flag.

### Run the development server

You now have a new directory called `nextjs-blog`. Let’s `cd` into it:

```shell
cd nextjs-blog
```

Then, run the following command:

```shell
npm run dev
```

This starts your Next.js app’s "development server" (more on this later) on port **3000**.

Let’s check to see if it’s working. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) from your browser.

**Question**: What text do you see on the page?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
