www/pages/learn/basics/deploying-a-nextjs-app/deploying-to-zeit-now.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';
import AnswerBox from '../../../../components/learn/AnswerBox';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'deploying-a-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'deploying-to-zeit-now',
  question: {
    answers: [
      '8000',
      '443 (or without a port mentioned)',
      'Any port you mentioned in the URL',
      "It will throw an error saying, 'You can only start your app on port 443'"
    ],
    correctAnswer: '443 (or without a port mentioned)'
  }
};

## Deploying to ▲ZEIT Now

Now we know how to build and start a Next.js app. We did everything with npm scripts. So, you will be able to customize it to work with your favorite deployment service.

Using [▲ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now), add the following scripts to the package.json file:

```json
"scripts": {
  "build": "next build",
  "now-build": "next build"
}
```

Next, create a next.config.js file in the root of the project and specify target as 'serverless':

```js
module.exports = {
  target: 'serverless'
};
```

Then, create a now.json file in the root of your project with the following contents:

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [{ "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/next" }]
}
```

> The [@now/next Builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next) will convert pages of our app into a series of individual [lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/). Read the [Create a Next.js Application and Deploy with Now](https://zeit.co/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now/) guide for additional information.

Finally, [install Now](https://zeit.co/now) and run the following command:

```bash
now
```

> Basically, you run the “now” command from your terminal inside your app's root directory.

Here, we mentioned port 8000 as the port in which we start our app. But we didn't change it when deploying to ZEIT Now.

So, in which port could we access our app when deployed to ZEIT Now?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

Updated lessons to Next.js 9 and improved scripts steps (#374)
* Updated the deployment lesson

* Improved the instructions for adding scripts

* Removed the custom server from the fetching data lesson

* Updated the styling components lesson

www/pages/learn/basics/deploying-a-nextjs-app/deploying-to-zeit-now.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';
import AnswerBox from '../../../../components/learn/AnswerBox';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'deploying-a-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'deploying-to-zeit-now',
  question: {
    answers: [
      '8000',
      '443 (or without a port mentioned)',
      'Any port you mentioned in the URL',
      "It will throw an error saying, 'You can only start your app on port 443'"
    ],
    correctAnswer: '443 (or without a port mentioned)'
  }
};

## Deploying to ▲ZEIT Now

Now we know how to build and start a Next.js app. We did everything with npm scripts. So, you will be able to customize it to work with your favorite deployment service.

to deploy our app with [▲ZEIT Now](https://zeit.co/now) let's add the `next.config.js` file in the root of the project and specify `target` as `serverless`:

```js
module.exports = {
  target: 'serverless'
};
```

Then, create a now.json file in the root of your project with the following content:

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "builds": [{ "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/next" }]
}
```

> The [@now/next Builder](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/official-builders/next-js-now-next) will convert pages of our app into a series of individual [lambdas](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/lambdas/). Read the [Create a Next.js Application and Deploy with Now](https://zeit.co/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now/) guide for additional information.

Finally, [install Now](https://zeit.co/now) and run the following command in the root directory of our app:

```bash
now
```

Here, we mentioned port 8000 as the port in which we start our app. But we didn't change it when deploying to ZEIT Now.

So, in which port could we access our app when deployed to ZEIT Now?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
