pages/learn/basics/deploying-nextjs-app/deploy.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Link from 'next/link'
import { PLATFORM_NAME } from '../../../../lib/constants'
import PlatformLink from '../../../../components/name/platform-link'
import PlatformText from '../../../../components/name/platform-text'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying Your Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'deploying-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'deploy',
  subtitle: `Deploy to ${PLATFORM_NAME}`
}

The easiest way to deploy Next.js to production is to use the **<PlatformLink />** platform developed by the creators of Next.js.

&#8203;<PlatformText /> is an all-in-one platform with Global CDN supporting static & JAMstack deployment and Serverless Functions. We believe <PlatformText /> is the optimal place to deploy Next.js apps. You can start using it for _free_ — no credit card required.

### Create a <PlatformText /> Account

First, go to <PlatformLink href="/signup" /> to create a <PlatformText /> account. Choose **Continue with GitHub** and go through the sign up process.

### Import your `nextjs-blog` repository

Once you’re signed up, **import** your `nextjs-blog` repository on <PlatformText />. You can do so from here: <PlatformLink href="/import/git" />.

- You’ll need to **Install Now for GitHub**. You can give access to **All Repositories**.
- Once you’ve installed Now, import `nextjs-blog`.

You can use _default values_ for the following settings — no need to change anything. <PlatformText /> automatically detects that you have a Next.js app and chooses optimal build settings for you.

- Project Name
- Root Directory
- Build Command
- Output Directory
- Development Command

When you deploy, your Next.js app will start building. It should finish in under a minute.

> **Help is available**: If your deployment fails, you can always get help on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/discussions). To learn more about deployment,

When it’s done, you’ll get **deployment URLs**. Click on one of the URLs and you should see the Next.js starter page live.

Congratulations! You just deployed your Next.js app to production. On the next page, we’ll go into the details of <PlatformText /> and the recommended workflow.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

fixed omitted URL to the documentation. (#653)

pages/learn/basics/deploying-nextjs-app/deploy.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout'
import Link from 'next/link'
import { PLATFORM_NAME } from '../../../../lib/constants'
import PlatformLink from '../../../../components/name/platform-link'
import PlatformText from '../../../../components/name/platform-text'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying Your Next.js App',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'deploying-nextjs-app',
  stepId: 'deploy',
  subtitle: `Deploy to ${PLATFORM_NAME}`
}

The easiest way to deploy Next.js to production is to use the **<PlatformLink />** platform developed by the creators of Next.js.

&#8203;<PlatformText /> is an all-in-one platform with Global CDN supporting static & JAMstack deployment and Serverless Functions. We believe <PlatformText /> is the optimal place to deploy Next.js apps. You can start using it for _free_ — no credit card required.

### Create a <PlatformText /> Account

First, go to <PlatformLink href="/signup" /> to create a <PlatformText /> account. Choose **Continue with GitHub** and go through the sign up process.

### Import your `nextjs-blog` repository

Once you’re signed up, **import** your `nextjs-blog` repository on <PlatformText />. You can do so from here: <PlatformLink href="/import/git" />.

- You’ll need to **Install Now for GitHub**. You can give access to **All Repositories**.
- Once you’ve installed Now, import `nextjs-blog`.

You can use _default values_ for the following settings — no need to change anything. <PlatformText /> automatically detects that you have a Next.js app and chooses optimal build settings for you.

- Project Name
- Root Directory
- Build Command
- Output Directory
- Development Command

When you deploy, your Next.js app will start building. It should finish in under a minute.

> **Help is available**: If your deployment fails, you can always get help on [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/discussions). To learn more about deployment, take a look at <Link href="/docs/[...slug]" as="/docs/deployment"><a>our documentation</a></Link>.

When it’s done, you’ll get **deployment URLs**. Click on one of the URLs and you should see the Next.js starter page live.

Congratulations! You just deployed your Next.js app to production. On the next page, we’ll go into the details of <PlatformText /> and the recommended workflow.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
