www/pages/learn/basics/navigate-between-pages/index.mdx, before:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Navigate Between Pages',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'navigate-between-pages'
};

Now we know how to create a simple Next.js app and run it. Our simple app only had a single page, but we can add as many pages as we want. For example, we can create an "About" page by adding the following content to `pages/about.js`:

```jsx
export default function About() {
  return (
    <div>
      <p>This is the about page</p>
    </div>
  );
}
```

Then we can access that page with http://localhost:3000/about.

After that, we need to connect these pages. We could use an HTML "a" tag for that. However, it won't perform client-side navigation; it navigates to the page via the server, which is not what we want.

In order to support client-side navigation, we need to use Next.js's Link API, which is exported via `next/link`.

Let's see how to use it.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;

Commit message:

explain difference between client vs server navigation (#328)

www/pages/learn/basics/navigate-between-pages/index.mdx, after:

import Layout from '../../../../components/learn/Layout';

export const meta = {
  title: 'Navigate Between Pages',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'navigate-between-pages'
};

Now we know how to create a simple Next.js app and run it. Our simple app only had a single page, but we can add as many pages as we want. For example, we can create an "About" page by adding the following content to `pages/about.js`:

```jsx
export default function About() {
  return (
    <div>
      <p>This is the about page</p>
    </div>
  );
}
```

Then we can access that page with http://localhost:3000/about.

After that, we need to connect these pages. We could use an HTML "a" tag for that. However, it won't perform client-side navigation; it navigates to the page via the server, which is not what we want.

In order to support client-side navigation, we need to use Next.js's Link API, which is exported via `next/link`.
`<Link />` will prefetch the page and navigation will happen without a page refresh.

Let's see how to use it.

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>;
