learn/pages/learn/excel/lazy-loading-modules/analyze.mdx, before:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Lazy Loading Modules',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'lazy-loading-modules',
  stepId: 'analyze',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'inside commons.js bundle',
      'inside main.js bundle',
      'inside pages/index.js bundle',
      'in all pages'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'inside commons.js bundle'
  }
}

## Analyze

The app will look like this and it is a pretty basic one:

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50838/28233925-2ff5dacc-6918-11e7-935c-61cd5df2d0f0.png)

Now, let's try to understand what is inside our app bundle.

For that, simply run the following command:

```bash
npm run analyze
```

Then, it will start a [webpack bundle analyzer](https://github.com/th0r/webpack-bundle-analyzer) and you will be able to inspect what is inside each of the JavaScript bundles.

So, the `firebase` module is contained:

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Update Lazy Loading Module tutorial  (#268)
* Update Lazy Loading Module tutorial (#113, #114, #115, #233)

* Update image path

learn/pages/learn/excel/lazy-loading-modules/analyze.mdx, after:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Lazy Loading Modules',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'lazy-loading-modules',
  stepId: 'analyze',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'inside commons[a-random-string].js bundle',
      'inside main[a-random-string].js bundle',
      'inside pages/index.js and pages/post.js bundles',
      'in all pages'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'inside pages/index.js and pages/post.js bundles'
  }
}

## Analyze

The app will look like this and it is a pretty basic one:

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50838/28233925-2ff5dacc-6918-11e7-935c-61cd5df2d0f0.png)

Now, let's try to understand what is inside our app bundle.

For that, simply run the following command:

```bash
npm run analyze:browser
```

Then, it will start a [webpack bundle analyzer](https://github.com/zeit/next-plugins/tree/master/packages/next-bundle-analyzer) and you will be able to inspect what is inside each of the JavaScript bundles.

So, the firebase modules are contained:

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
