learn/pages/learn/excel/lazy-loading-modules/lazy-loading.mdx, before:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Lazy Loading Modules',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'lazy-loading-modules',
  stepId: 'lazy-loading',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'commons.js',
      'main.js',
      'chunks/firebase.js',
      'chunks/firebase-[a-random-string].js'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'chunks/firebase-[a-random-string].js'
  }
}

## Lazy Loading

We use the `firebase` module, only when the user is trying to navigate into a different page. So, if we can load the `firebase` module at that time, that is a huge win for our app.

Luckily, we can easily do that with Next.js's [dynamic import](https://nextjs.org/docs/#dynamic-import) functionality.

Let's do it.

The firebase related code is located in the `lib/load-db.js` file. Here is the content:

```js
export default async () => {
  const firebase = require('firebase')

  try {
    firebase.initializeApp({
      databaseURL: 'https://hacker-news.firebaseio.com'
    })
  } catch (err) {
    // we skip the "already exists" message which is
    // not an actual error when we're hot-reloading
    if (!/already exists/.test(err.message)) {
      console.error('Firebase initialization error', err.stack)
    }
  }

  return firebase.database().ref('v0')
}
```

This code is used inside the `getInitialProps` function in each page.
This is a pretty decent code and it uses `require` to load the firebase module.

Now, we are going to do a small change to the above code, when we require the `firebase` module.

```js
// const firebase = require('firebase')
const firebase = await import('firebase')
```

Here, we use `import()` function to load the firebase module. It returns a promise and we use `await` to wait and resolve the module.

Try to apply the above change and analyze the JavaScript bundles again with:

```bash
npm run analyze
```

Then, select the name of the bundle where the firebase module reside. That might be:

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Update Lazy Loading Module tutorial  (#268)
* Update Lazy Loading Module tutorial (#113, #114, #115, #233)

* Update image path

learn/pages/learn/excel/lazy-loading-modules/lazy-loading.mdx, after:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Lazy Loading Modules',
  courseId: 'excel',
  lessonId: 'lazy-loading-modules',
  stepId: 'lazy-loading',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'static/runtime/main[a-random-string].js',
      'static/chunks/commons[a-random-string].js',
      'static/chunks/firebase.js',
      'static/chunks/[a-random-string].js'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'static/chunks/[a-random-string].js'
  }
}

## Lazy Loading

We use the firebase modules only when the user is trying to navigate into a different page. So, if we can load the modules at that time, that is a huge win for our app.

Luckily, we can easily do that with Next.js's [dynamic import](https://nextjs.org/docs/#dynamic-import) functionality.

Let's do it.

The firebase related code is located in the `lib/load-db.js` file. Here is the content:

```js
export default async function loadDb() {
  const firebase = require('firebase/app')
  require('firebase/database')

  try {
    firebase.initializeApp({
      databaseURL: 'https://hacker-news.firebaseio.com'
    })
  } catch (err) {
    // we skip the "already exists" message which is
    // not an actual error when we're hot-reloading
    if (!/already exists/.test(err.message)) {
      console.error('Firebase initialization error', err.stack)
    }
  }

  return firebase.database().ref('v0')
}
```

This code is used inside the `getInitialProps` function in each page.
This is a pretty decent code and it uses `require` to load the firebase modules.

Now, we are going to do a small change to the above code, when we require the modules.

```js
// const firebase = require('firebase/app')
// require('firebase/database')
const firebase = await import('firebase/app')
await import('firebase/database')
```

Here, we use `import()` function to load the firebase modules. It returns a promise and we use `await` to wait and resolve the modules.

Try to apply the above change and analyze the JavaScript bundles again with:

```bash
npm run analyze:browser
```

Then, select the name of the bundle where the firebase modules reside. That might be:

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
