learn/pages/learn/basics/server-side-support-for-clean-urls/create-a-custom-server.mdx, before:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Server Side Support for Clean URLs',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'server-side-support-for-clean-urls',
  stepId: 'create-a-custom-server',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'It will add server side support for clean URLs.',
      'The app will work but no server side clean URLs.',
      'The app will throw an error: “Express and Next.js cannot be used together.”',
      'The app will throw an error: “Next.js custom server only work in production.”'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'The app will work but no server side clean URLs.'
  }
}

## Create a Custom Server

Now we are going to create a custom server for our app using [Express](https://expressjs.com/). It's pretty simple.

First of all, add Express into your app:

```bash
npm install --save express
```

Then create a file called `server.js` in the root folder of your app and add following content:

```js
const express = require('express')
const next = require('next')

const dev = process.env.NODE_ENV !== 'production'
const app = next({ dev })
const handle = app.getRequestHandler()

app
  .prepare()
  .then(() => {
    const server = express()

    server.get('*', (req, res) => {
      return handle(req, res)
    })

    server.listen(3000, err => {
      if (err) throw err
      console.log('> Ready on http://localhost:3000')
    })
  })
  .catch(ex => {
    console.error(ex.stack)
    process.exit(1)
  })
```

Now update your npm dev script to:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "node server.js",
    "build": "next build",
    "start": "NODE_ENV=production node server.js"
  }
}
```

Now try to run your app again with `npm run dev`.

What's the experience you will get?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>

Commit message:

Update /learn/basics (#267)
Update alternative methods of creating a Layout component (#104, #112, #228)
Update running commands on Windows note (#111)
Add cross-env info (#42)
Update withRouter error image (#252)

learn/pages/learn/basics/server-side-support-for-clean-urls/create-a-custom-server.mdx, after:

import Layout from '~/components/Layout'
import AnswerBox from '~/components/AnswerBox'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Server Side Support for Clean URLs',
  courseId: 'basics',
  lessonId: 'server-side-support-for-clean-urls',
  stepId: 'create-a-custom-server',
  question: {
    answers: [
      'It will add server side support for clean URLs.',
      'The app will work but no server side clean URLs.',
      'The app will throw an error: “Express and Next.js cannot be used together.”',
      'The app will throw an error: “Next.js custom server only work in production.”'
    ],
    correctAnswer: 'The app will work but no server side clean URLs.'
  }
}

## Create a Custom Server

Now we are going to create a custom server for our app using [Express](https://expressjs.com/). It's pretty simple.

First of all, add Express into your app:

```bash
npm install --save express
```

Then create a file called `server.js` in the root folder of your app and add following content:

```js
const express = require('express')
const next = require('next')

const dev = process.env.NODE_ENV !== 'production'
const app = next({ dev })
const handle = app.getRequestHandler()

app
  .prepare()
  .then(() => {
    const server = express()

    server.get('*', (req, res) => {
      return handle(req, res)
    })

    server.listen(3000, err => {
      if (err) throw err
      console.log('> Ready on http://localhost:3000')
    })
  })
  .catch(ex => {
    console.error(ex.stack)
    process.exit(1)
  })
```

Now update your npm dev script to:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "node server.js",
    "build": "next build",
    "start": "NODE_ENV=production node server.js"
  }
}
```

> On Windows, `NODE_ENV=production` will not work by default. One solution is to install the npm module [`cross-env`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cross-env) into your app.
> Then update the `start` script like this: `"start": "cross-env NODE_ENV=production node server.js"`

Now try to run your app again with `npm run dev`.

What's the experience you will get?

export default ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta}>{children}</Layout>
